hey guys what's up it's me and today I'm
guessing a bunch of you guys I hate me
for this but today i am going to
complete the collection again to which
one funny noise help the combine combine
collection again this is all my second
account the only problem on a half-open
with the second account is eating those
solo challenges but i think i can do it
i don't think i think i'll have some
struggles with it but now the whole lot
i think i equated this out if your
breakeven minus the impact so whatever
you make off the 10 pack you your profit
and any of you carters people-
instability Mario wonders gives you
something you made you've got profit
hold the corner back Leon enormous
profit but i will open mon-sat back for
you guys on payment for their 60,000
that top three 315,000 and then I get
these guys back but i'm gonna i'm just
going to sell them tonight probably just
to get them off my account real quick
before they are prices either drop or or
I don't know and if what I'll really
know it's just whether their prices
dropping out and so I don't want that to
happen one person asked a wise and sucks
the trade block all the reason I do that
is when you remove it from the trade
block it puts it like auto into the
active cars it's the only card it will
be like a new card and so that's why I
do that so I gotta sell those cards
tonight and some of them but so it's no
big deal I'll just I'll just need a
moment in tomorrow when i do the solo
challenge 99 mackay and then IQ field
I'll you've any pretty good cards i pull
out of here Victor Butler Santa say no I
have reporters and think I don't know
about wipe your series oh hey we're
almost full and active players so I'll
just making those
the runner play a room come on give me
something good Leon sandcastle way out
there located I think I need lineman
drunk I had nothing to gain by tomorrow
sorcery you know what card I can you
help me hopefully mail out this solo
counties craft quickly except wait to
move that big flame i will send the
packet down so that's all it's gonna be
it's gonna be hard to be this again with
this is not very good if you could see
the best part I hammock was the 9098 Eli
Manning till I may have some troubles
with it nice second edition play
nothing horny thing either this or the
visa card team for the solo challenge
but nothing really nothing really worth
being excited about I guess but I can
already tell I'm gonna have to spend at
the maybe two or three hours doing this
how you deported or even though person
No
and i know i might be pulling somewhere
silvers and whatnot but i'm looking for
like Top to Howard Carter's like like
those combine the cards in the Leon
saying Castle stuff like that cuz I'm
really just making to look lazy as we
look looking at you mate Wow while I'm
so stupid a game and thank 97 Steve
Young not a bad pull my I actually call
you Sam what's his speed yeah I'll use
him at 89 speed is pretty good if I if I
do struggle at this and I can't did it
feat with this team which I wouldn't be
surprised if I can't me that second one
because it is tied to this ball just
trade over some of my players from other
teams kind of guarantee sure i'll get a
food and on my family I so knew what to
speed defies yeah I'll probably seems
better than seven see them food Joe
Thomas everything before he hit he'll be
he'll be on the things that are programs
from I'm trying to figure out how much
do it I'm gonna have to play really
really defensive defense and really
pretty all protective on offense it's
going to be interesting Oh Jerry means a
good wide receiver to go along with my
boom Warren Trent Cole whoo Ahmad Brooks
fantasy card have no idea how much he's
going for but not a bad ball i'm
guessing not a whole lot cuz he
outside linebackers and surprised i
didn't ask for a while definitely a
chemical bond and get him to drop a lot
in crisis he's been impacted our three
packs ago hoping hoping i can get
something good ya know 99 Walter Payton
good running back to you the solo
challenge would actually pulled some
good cards to help me be able to do the
solo challenge not really get anything
to help me clean lines but okay you know
sometimes you surprise you make some
coins and I believe it no I'm actually
since it i'm doing with on a vertical
just this seems like to pull anything
out of yeah i'm not really doing
anything depending the time i guess
goodness but oh no it's not okay it's
worth it to me i don't have a whole lot
to do in this game anymore i guess this
is kind of a way I can you know kind of
get around it time something fun to do
try to be the sole challenges with knots
over
marshall faulk so I left the net for
anything that any means but I guess I
pulled probably heart folding stuff cars
that were semi rare um the fence about
you guys I hope you guys enjoyed the
video if you could drop it a life I
really appreciate it and you guys let me
know if you saw any cards through there
that were rare or anything just hit me
with a comment and I really appreciate
it but i'll catch you guys later peace
out